Tommy cell number 100 right the CLS Pro
Circuit Monster Energy Kawasaki let's
take a look at the race highlights
here's what happened at round eight of
the fif mx2 motocross world championship
at Buddha ballot in Sweden ken roczen
got up to the perfect start and from
there he was never headed Gautier Paulin
started in second Zach Osborne crashed
out of four on the opening lap of the
riders had to take evasive action in
what were very slippery conditions after
morning rain Tommy Searle started about
14 and then he had this crash after
being squeezed by Metis Cairo he would
eventually not finish the race because
of a mechanical problem Jordan tikz a
while he got up as high as 18 but two
crashes and that was him out of the race
out of the points Nicola oban he found
himself having a good battle with
christophe charlier and nicked rhesus
was a battle for eight and nine and
eventually it was triest who went down
after a little bit of elbow contact with
Charlie ache technicals was having a
good ride he was in fifth position but
eventually got past but it was Roxon who
went through to win
the second mx2 race once again Ken
Roczen got a good start held a tight
line around the inside and no one saw
which way he went his teammate Jeffrey
Herlings made a good start Tommy Searle
made a better start and eventually he
found himself challenging with the likes
of Gautier Paulin max Anstie and Nicola
Oh plan but it was Paul out who were
eventually found his way into third
ahead of max Anstie Tony bootrom was up
in the running in the early part of the
race but had no answer to the quick guys
in this championship campaign Tommy
Searle went by and as he found a way
past max Anstie a Donald toners toners
tried to close down Tommy cell in fifth
position and he made this mistake
eventually tonus would finish down in
eight go Jay Paul net on the monster on
his yellow heart he made his way to
third ahead of Tommy Searle of max
Anstie whilst Jeffrey Herlings found his
way into second and with one week before
his home Grand Prix Ken Roczen was
victorious this weekend in Sweden with a
1-1 perfect score
letters
you
in MX 1 race wide championship Nina
commander cell was riding with a
dislocated shoulder after a crash in
Belgium one week earlier so one point
then the gap between him and Cairo
leaker only got a good start he was
second and then felt at the second turn
and everybody pretty much ran over him
and the bike and left him stranded down
in 30 pin position the two hondas are
brewing on sale there's an Afghani Baba
chef well they've battled hard and they
were up front doing the damage but
Froissart eventually found himself into
second position chasing down steep
across our kimono cell was riding a
little bit cautious understandably and
Philip arts went through he wasn't so
kind with Max inaudible though
eventually come on a cell would finish
in eighth position bubba chef though got
caught three laps to go by Steven
Frossard on the Yamaha and it was
Frossard who eventually go on and win
the race Bobryshev a second from board
to die cut Cairo Lee was fifth
here the second race BMX ward
Steven Frossard got off to a good start
and really he was on his own at the
front of the field the to honda's of
that well the Honda of canoeing on
salvat and the KTM of Tony Cairo Lee
they've battled for second and third in
the beginning of the race eventually go
on salvus started to drop back as he
came under pressure from Phil apart and
then the number 2 of Max novel John
salvos would eventually finish in eighth
place micheli Papa chef came from 13 he
overhauled his teammate to go into sixth
position he would eventually go on to
finish him forth which was good enough
for second overall ken de Dycker started
in 7th found his way into third when he
passed them at Villa parts but then
middle of the race he started to drop
back come on a Sal meanwhile he found
his way up into seventh position and
that's where he would stay he would lose
the championship lead as a result of
that three or four laps to go came to
die cut number 9 started to fade Villa
parts went through so did Papa chef and
reminded as well but no one was a match
for Steven Frossard he went here in 2010
he won again late this weekend
and now the trophy shepherdess cheering
adobe boys
that's it